# DTULibrary
Git link is https://github.com/SEGroupE/DTULibrary.git

Requirements:

MySQL database
JDK 10 or higher

Installation:

The application requires a database running, therefor create a database.
 
If any values differs from this DTULibrary\Mazemap\src\main\resources\static\application.properties need to reflect the actual values database name and user. The password gets pulled from an environment variable called MazeMapMYSQLDBPASSWORD, which needs to have it’s value set to the same value as your database password.

The String baseUrl under /main/com/helpers/ServerUrl.java needs to be the local address or where the application is to be deployed,http://localhost:8080would be the normal address for local setup.  The same needs to be done to /main/resources/static/mazemap.htmlwith the attribute baseUrlInput, which is at the first line of the <body>. The /main/resources/appli-cation.properties should have the server.port set to 8080 and all server.ssl should be outcommented. You can use https and port  8443, but that will require installation of a certificate, that https requires, this can be generated by using keytool from Java1. The server.ssl values should then match the certificate.

The webapp is a maven project using springboot, packaging as a war file to deploy directly to a Tomcat server. 
However for local use you do not need to create a Tomcat server, springboot will create one, when running.

The maven command for running the app is mvn spring-boot:run or mvn clean spring-boot:run to create a clean install.
using eclipse for instance and running as a maven project the goal of the run configuration should be spring-boot:run
The base directory for the project is ${workspace_loc://DTULibrary/Mazemap}

Feel free to ask for further assistance with the webapp.



